docs: add release notes for 0.35.0 (#9786)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes.rst

   -  The ``cluster_name`` must be unique for all resource managers when deploying multiple resource
      managers in Determined.
   -  During upgrade, replace ``name`` with ``cluster_name`` in the ``resource_manager`` section of
      your master configuration YAML.

-  Tasks: The :ref:`historical usage <historical-cluster-usage-data>` CSV file has been updated. The
   header row for slot-hours is now named ``slot_hours`` instead of ``gpu_hours`` to accurately
   reflect the allocation time for resource pools including those without GPUs. In addition, a new
   column, ``resource_pool``, has been added to provide the resource pool for each allocation.

-  Cluster: The ``kubernetes_namespace`` field in the resource pool configuration is no longer
   supported. Users can now submit workloads to specific namespaces by binding workspaces to
   namespaces using the CLI or API.

-  Cluster: The ``resources.agent_label`` task option and the ``label`` option in the agent config
   have been removed. Beginning with 0.20.0 release, these options have been ignored. Please remove
   any remaining references from configuration files and use ``resource_pool`` instead.

**New Features**

> -  WebUI/CLI/API: Allow admins to manage resource quotas for auto-created namespaces directly.

Reviewer: Allow admins to bind namespaces to workspaces and manage resource quotas for auto-created namespaces directly.

Author: ```suggestion
-  WebUI/CLI/API: Allow admins to bind namespaces to workspaces and manage resource quotas for auto-created namespaces directly.
```

   -  WebUI: Add a "Namespace Bindings" section to the Create and Edit Workspace modals.

      -  Users can input a namespace for a Kubernetes cluster. If no namespace is specified, the
         workspace will be bound to the ``resource_manager.default_namespace`` field in the master

>          configuration YAML or the default Kubernetes namespace.

Reviewer: ...configuration YAML or the "default" Kubernetes namespace...

>          configuration YAML or the default Kubernetes namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         configuration YAML or the "default" Kubernetes namespace.
```

         limit resource quota within the bound namespace.

      -  Once saved, all workloads in the workspace will be sent to the bound namespace. Changing
         the binding will affect future workloads, while in-progress workloads remain in their
         original namespace.

      -  For help with workspace-namespace bindings, visit :ref:`Manage Workspace-Namespace Bindings
         <k8s-resource-caps>`.

   -  CLI: Add new commands for creating and managing workspace namespace bindings.

      -  Allow creating namespace bindings during workspace creation with ``det w create
         <workspace-id> --namespace <namespace-name>`` or later with ``det w bindings set
         <workspace-id> --namespace <namespace-name>``.

      -  In the enterprise edition, users can use additional arguments ``--auto-create-namespace``
         and ``--auto-create-namespace-all-clusters`` for auto-created namespaces. Set resource
         quotas during workspace creation with ``det w create <workspace-name> --cluster-name
         <cluster-name> --auto-create-namespace --resource-quota <resource-quota>``, or later with

>          ``det w resource-quota set <workspace-id> <quota> --cluster-name <cluster-name>``.

Reviewer: ...`--auto-create-namespace-all-clusters`` to bind workspaces to
            auto-created namespaces. Users can set resource quotas during workspace creation with ``det w
            create <workspace-name> --cluster-name <cluster-name> --auto-create-namespace
            --resource-quota <resource-quota>``, or later with ``det w resource-quota set
            <workspace-id> <quota> --cluster-name <cluster-name>`` if their workspace is bound to an auto-created namespace...

>       -  In the enterprise edition, users can use additional arguments ``--auto-create-namespace``
>          and ``--auto-create-namespace-all-clusters`` for auto-created namespaces. Set resource
>          quotas during workspace creation with ``det w create <workspace-name> --cluster-name
>          <cluster-name> --auto-create-namespace --resource-quota <resource-quota>``, or later with
>          ``det w resource-quota set <workspace-id> <quota> --cluster-name <cluster-name>``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -  In the enterprise edition, users can use additional arguments
            ``--auto-create-namespace`` and ``--auto-create-namespace-all-clusters`` to bind workspaces to
            auto-created namespaces. Users can set resource quotas during workspace creation with ``det w
            create <workspace-name> --cluster-name <cluster-name> --auto-create-namespace
            --resource-quota <resource-quota>``, or later with ``det w resource-quota set
            <workspace-id> <quota> --cluster-name <cluster-name>`` if their workspace is bound to an auto-created namespace.
```

>       -  In the enterprise edition, users can use additional arguments ``--auto-create-namespace``
>          and ``--auto-create-namespace-all-clusters`` for auto-created namespaces. Set resource
>          quotas during workspace creation with ``det w create <workspace-name> --cluster-name
>          <cluster-name> --auto-create-namespace --resource-quota <resource-quota>``, or later with
>          ``det w resource-quota set <workspace-id> <quota> --cluster-name <cluster-name>``.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -  In the enterprise edition, users can use additional arguments ``--auto-create-namespace``
         and ``--auto-create-namespace-all-clusters`` to bind workspaces to auto-created namespaces. Users can set resource
         quotas during workspace creation with ``det w create <workspace-name> --cluster-name
         <cluster-name> --auto-create-namespace --resource-quota <resource-quota>``, or later with
         ``det w resource-quota set <workspace-id> <quota> --cluster-name <cluster-name>`` if their workspace is bound to an auto-created namespace.

```

      -  Add a command to delete namespace bindings with ``det w bindings delete <workspace-id>
         --cluster-name <cluster-name>``.

      -  Add a command to list bindings for a workspace with ``det w bindings list

>          <workspace-name>``. The ``--cluster-name`` field is required only for MultiRM setups.

Reviewer: Can we make this sentence its own bullet point and change it to:
The ``--cluster-name`` field is required only for MultiRM setups (when --auto-create-namespace-all-clusters is omitted)

   -  API: Add new endpoints for creating and managing workspace namespace bindings.

      -  Add POST and DELETE endpoints to ``/api/v1/workspaces/{workspace_id}/namespace-bindings``
         for setting and deleting workspace namespace bindings.
      -  Add a GET endpoint ``/api/v1/workspaces/{id}/list-namespace-bindings`` to list namespace
         bindings for a workspace.
      -  Add a POST endpoint ``/api/v1/workspaces/{id}/set-resource-quota`` to set resource quotas
         on workspaces bound to auto-created namespaces.

>       -  Add a GET endpoint ``/api/v1/workspaces/{id}/get-k8-resource-quotas`` to retrieve enforced

Reviewer: Add a GET endpoint ``/api/v1/workspaces/{id}/get-k8s-resource-quotas`` to retrieve enforced Kubernetes resource quotas for bound namespaces

>       -  Add a GET endpoint ``/api/v1/workspaces/{id}/get-k8-resource-quotas`` to retrieve enforced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -  Add a GET endpoint /api/v1/workspaces/{id}/get-k8s-resource-quotas to retrieve enforced Kubernetes resource quotas for workspace bound namespaces
```

 Release Notes
###############

**************
 Version 0.35
**************

Version 0.35.0
==============

> **Release Date:** August 02, 2024

Reviewer 2: @corban-beaird we might need to change the data again

**Breaking Changes**

> -  Master Configuration: Replace ``resource_manager.name`` with ``resource_manager.cluster_name``

Reviewer: Add here:
Replace ``resource_manager.namespace`` with ``resource_manager.default_namespace``
The ``namespace`` field in the Kubernetes Resource Manager configuration is no longer supported and is replaced by ``default_namespace``. This field serves as the default namespace for deploying namespaced resources when the workspace associated with a workload is not bound to a specific namespace. If unset, the workloads will be sent to the release namespace, or the default Kubernetes namespace, "default", during non-helm determined deployments.

Reviewer 2: @salonig23 to clarify, do you want to replace the following:

- Master Configuration: Replace ``resource_manager.name`` with ``resource_manager.cluster_name`` for better clarity and to support multiple resource managers.

with the following?

- Master Configuration: Replace resource_manager.namespace with resource_manager.default_namespace
The namespace field in the Kubernetes Resource Manager configuration is no longer supported and is replaced by default_namespace. This field serves as the default namespace for deploying namespaced resources when the workspace associated with a workload is not bound to a specific namespace. If unset, the workloads will be sent to the release namespace, or the default Kubernetes namespace, "default", during non-helm determined deployments.

or add it as a second "Master Configuration" item, like this?

- Master Configuration: Replace ``resource_manager.name`` with ``resource_manager.cluster_name`` for better clarity and to support multiple resource managers.

- Master Configuration: Replace ``resource_manager.namespace`` with ``resource_manager.default_namespace``.
The namespace field in the Kubernetes Resource Manager configuration is no longer supported and is replaced by ``default_namespace``. This field serves as the default namespace for deploying namespaced resources when the workspace associated with a workload is not bound to a specific namespace. If unset, the workloads will be sent to the release namespace, or the default Kubernetes namespace, "default", during non-helm determined deployments.

Reviewer 3: The latter!

Reviewer 2: ok thanks!
@corban-beaird this item goes just above tasks. i've added a suggested edit. below. you can incorporated the suggested edit and then resolve these comments.

Author: Awesome thanks Tara! 😄

      your master configuration YAML.

-  Tasks: The :ref:`historical usage <historical-cluster-usage-data>` CSV file has been updated. The
   header row for slot-hours is now named ``slot_hours`` instead of ``gpu_hours`` to accurately
   reflect the allocation time for resource pools including those without GPUs. In addition, a new
   column, ``resource_pool``, has been added to provide the resource pool for each allocation.

-  Cluster: The ``kubernetes_namespace`` field in the resource pool configuration is no longer
   supported. Users can now submit workloads to specific namespaces by binding workspaces to
   namespaces using the CLI or API.

-  Cluster: The ``resources.agent_label`` task option and the ``label`` option in the agent config
   have been removed. Beginning with 0.20.0 release, these options have been ignored. Please remove
   any remaining references from configuration files and use ``resource_pool`` instead.

**New Features**

-  WebUI/CLI/API: Allow admins to bind namespaces to workspaces and manage resource quotas for
   auto-created namespaces directly.

   -  WebUI: Add a "Namespace Bindings" section to the Create and Edit Workspace modals.

>       -  Users can input a namespace for a Kubernetes cluster. If no namespace is specified, the
>          workspace will be bound to the ``resource_manager.default_namespace`` field in the master
>          configuration YAML or the "default" Kubernetes namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -  Users can input a namespace for a Kubernetes cluster. If no namespace is specified, the
         workspace will be bound to the ``resource_manager.default_namespace`` field in the master
         configuration YAML when set or the release namespace. We fall back to the default Kubernetes namespace, "default", during non-helm determined deployments.
```

   users run single-trial experiments.

   -  "Experiments" are now called "searches" and "trials" are now called "runs" for better clarity.
   -  The "experiment list" is now called the "run list", showing all trials from experiments in the
      project. It functions similarly to the previous new experiment list.
   -  Multi-trial experiments can be viewed in the new searches view, which allows for sorting,
      filtering and navigating multi-trial experiments.
   -  When viewing a multi-trial experiment, a list of trials is displayed, allowing for sorting,
      filtering and arbitrary comparison between trials.

-  WebUI: Add resource allocation information to the trial details page.

-  WebUI: Allow users to continue a canceled or errored multi-trial experiment for searcher type
   ``random`` or ``grid``.

-  Cluster: The ``namespace`` field in the Kubernetes Resource Manager configuration has been
   deprecated and replaced by ``default_namespace``. This field serves as the default namespace for
   deploying namespaced resources when the workspace associated with a workload is not bound to a
   specific namespace. The master configuration will accept either ``namespace`` or

>    ``default_namespace`` fields; however, providing both fields will result in an error.

Reviewer: delete this section from here (adding with changes to breaking changes)

   -  The ``cluster_name`` must be unique for all resource managers when deploying multiple resource
      managers in Determined.
   -  When upgrading, specify `resourceManager.clusterName` in your `values.yaml` to override `resource_manager.name` and/or remove the `name` field from your `resource_manager` config altogether.
- For additional resource managers, you must change `additional_resource_manager[i].name` to `additional_resource_manager[i].cluster_name` in your `values.yaml`.

-  Master Configuration: Replace ``resource_manager.namespace`` with
   ``resource_manager.default_namespace``.

   -  The namespace field in the Kubernetes Resource Manager configuration is no longer supported
      and is replaced by ``default_namespace``.
   -  This field serves as the default namespace for deploying namespaced resources when the
      workspace associated with a workload is not bound to a specific namespace.
   -  If unset, the workloads will be sent to the release namespace during determined helm installs or upgrades and will be sent to the default Kubernetes namespace, "default", during non-helm determined deployments.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

-  Master Configuration: Replace ``resource_manager.namespace`` with ``resource_manager.default_namespace``.
   The namespace field in the Kubernetes Resource Manager configuration is no longer supported and is replaced 
   by ``default_namespace``. This field serves as the default namespace for deploying namespaced resources 
   when the workspace associated with a workload is not bound to a specific namespace. If unset, the workloads 
   will be sent to the release namespace, or the default Kubernetes namespace, "default", during 
   non-helm determined deployments.
```

 Release Notes
###############

**************
 Version 0.35
**************

Version 0.35.0
==============

**Release Date:** August 02, 2024

**Breaking Changes**

-  Master Configuration: Replace ``resource_manager.name`` with ``resource_manager.cluster_name``
   for better clarity and to support multiple resource managers.

   -  Resource managers operate relative to the specific cluster providing resources for Determined
      tasks, so changing the cluster will affect the resource manager's responses.
   -  The ``cluster_name`` must be unique for all resource managers when deploying multiple resource
      managers in Determined.

>    -  During upgrade, replace ``name`` with ``cluster_name`` in the ``resource_manager`` section of

Reviewer 3: When upgrading, specify a `resourceManager.clusterName` in your `values.yaml` to override `resource_manager.name` and/or remove the `name` field from your `resource_manager` config altogether.
 
- For additional resource managers, you must change `additional_resource_manager[i].name` to `additional_resource_manager[i].cluster_name` in your `values.yaml`.

>    -  During upgrade, replace ``name`` with ``cluster_name`` in the ``resource_manager`` section of
>       your master configuration YAML.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   -  When upgrading, specify `resourceManager.clusterName` in your `values.yaml` to override `resource_manager.name` and/or remove the `name` field from your `resource_manager` config altogether.
- For additional resource managers, you must change `additional_resource_manager[i].name` to `additional_resource_manager[i].cluster_name` in your `values.yaml`.
```

-  Master Configuration: Replace ``resource_manager.namespace`` with
   ``resource_manager.default_namespace``.

   -  The namespace field in the Kubernetes Resource Manager configuration is no longer supported
      and is replaced by ``default_namespace``.
   -  This field serves as the default namespace for deploying namespaced resources when the
      workspace associated with a workload is not bound to a specific namespace.
   -  If unset, the workloads will be sent to the release namespace, or the default Kubernetes

>       namespace, "default", during non-helm determined deployments.

Reviewer 3: If unset, the workloads will be sent to the release namespace during determined helm installs or upgrades and will be sent to the default Kubernetes namespace, "default", during non-helm determined deployments.

>    -  If unset, the workloads will be sent to the release namespace, or the default Kubernetes
>       namespace, "default", during non-helm determined deployments.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   -  If unset, the workloads will be sent to the release namespace during determined helm installs or upgrades and will be sent to the default Kubernetes namespace, "default", during non-helm determined deployments.
```

-  Tasks: The :ref:`historical usage <historical-cluster-usage-data>` CSV file has been updated. The
   header row for slot-hours is now named ``slot_hours`` instead of ``gpu_hours`` to accurately
   reflect the allocation time for resource pools including those without GPUs. In addition, a new
   column, ``resource_pool``, has been added to provide the resource pool for each allocation.

-  Cluster: The ``kubernetes_namespace`` field in the resource pool configuration is no longer
   supported. Users can now submit workloads to specific namespaces by binding workspaces to

>    namespaces using the CLI or API.

Reviewer 3: using the CLI, API, or the webUI

>    namespaces using the CLI or API.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   namespaces using the CLI, WebUI, or API.
```

 Release Notes
###############

**************
 Version 0.35
**************

Version 0.35.0
==============

> **Release Date:** August 06, 2024

Reviewer 2: August 9th?

Author: probably a safe bet, worst case scenario; I'll bump it back to the 8th tomorrow if things wrap up 😄

      -  Allow creating namespace bindings during workspace creation with ``det w create
         <workspace-id> --namespace <namespace-name>`` or later with ``det w bindings set
         <workspace-id> --namespace <namespace-name>``.

      -  In the enterprise edition, users can use additional arguments ``--auto-create-namespace``
         and ``--auto-create-namespace-all-clusters`` to bind workspaces to auto-created namespaces.
         Users can set resource quotas during workspace creation with ``det w create
         <workspace-name> --cluster-name <cluster-name> --auto-create-namespace --resource-quota
         <resource-quota>``, or later with ``det w resource-quota set <workspace-id> <quota>
         --cluster-name <cluster-name>`` if their workspace is bound to an auto-created namespace.

      -  Add a command to delete namespace bindings with ``det w bindings delete <workspace-id>
         --cluster-name <cluster-name>``.

      -  Add a command to list bindings for a workspace with ``det w bindings list
         <workspace-name>``.

      -  The ``--cluster-name`` field is required only for MultiRM setups when

>          --auto-create-namespace-all-clusters is omitted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``--auto-create-namespace-all-clusters`` is omitted.
```

 Release Notes
###############

**************
 Version 0.35
**************

Version 0.35.0
==============

**Release Date:** August 01, 2024

**Breaking Changes**

-  **Cluster:** The ``kubernetes_namespace`` field in the resource pool configuration is no longer
   supported. Users can now submit workloads to specific namespaces by binding workspaces to
   namespaces using the CLI or API.

> -  Master Configuration: ``resource_manager.name`` field is replaced by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Master Configuration: Replace ``resource_manager.name`` with
```

      ``resource_manager.cluster_name`` for better clarity and to support multiple resource
      managers.

      -  Resource managers operate relative to the specific cluster providing resources for
            Determined tasks, so changing the cluster will affect the resource manager's responses.
      -  The ``cluster_name`` must be unique for all resource managers when deploying multiple
            resource managers in Determined.
      -  During upgrade, replace ``name`` with ``cluster_name`` in the ``resource_manager`` section
            of your master configuration YAML.

-  Tasks: The :ref:`historical usage <historical-cluster-usage-data>` CSV file has been updated. The
   header row for slot-hours is now named ``slot_hours`` instead of ``gpu_hours`` to accurately
   reflect the allocation time for resource pools including those without GPUs. In addition, a new
   column, ``resource_pool``, has been added to provide the resource pool for each allocation.

> -  Cluster: ``resources.agent_label`` task option and agent config ``label`` option have been

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Cluster: The ``resources.agent_label`` task option and the ``label`` option in the agent config have been
```

   removed. Beginning with 0.20.0 release, these options have been ignored. Please remove any
   remaining references from configuration files and use ``resource_pool`` instead.

**New Features**

-  WebUI: Add a "Namespace Bindings" section to the Create and Edit Workspace modals.

   -  Users can input a namespace for a Kubernetes cluster. If no namespace is specified, the

>       workspace will use the ``resource_manager.default_namespace`` from the master configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
workspace will be bound to the ``resource_manager.default_namespace`` field in the master configuration
```

>       YAML or default to the Kubernetes "default" namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        YAML or the default Kubernetes namespace.
```

      binding will affect future workloads, while in-progress workloads remain in their original
      namespace.

-  CLI: Add new commands for creating and managing workspace namespace bindings.

-  Allow creating namespace bindings during workspace creation with ``det w create <workspace-id>
   --namespace <namespace-name>`` or later with ``det w bindings set <workspace-id> --namespace
   <namespace-name>``.

-  In the enterprise edition, users can use additional arguments ``--auto-create-namespace`` and
   ``--auto-create-namespace-all-clusters`` for auto-created namespaces. Set resource quotas during
   workspace creation with ``det w create <workspace-name> --cluster-name <cluster-name>
   --auto-create-namespace --resource-quota <resource-quota>``, or later with ``det w resource-quota
   set <workspace-id> <quota> --cluster-name <cluster-name>``.

-  Add command to delete namespace bindings with ``det w bindings delete <workspace-id>
   --cluster-name <cluster-name>``.

-  Add command to list bindings for a workspace with ``det w bindings list <workspace-name>``. The
   ``--cluster-name`` field is required only for MultiRM setups.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

For help with workspace-namespace bindings, visit :ref:`Manage Workspace-Namespace Bindings <k8s-resource-caps>`.
```

> -  WebUI: Allow users to add/remove hyperparameters when performing hyperparameter search.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  WebUI: Enable users to add or remove hyperparameters during hyperparameter searches.
```

-  **Cluster:** The ``namespace`` field in the Kubernetes Resource Manager configuration has been

>    deprecated. Add a new field, ``default_namespace``. This field serves as the default namespace

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  **Cluster:** The ``namespace`` field in the Kubernetes Resource Manager configuration has been
   deprecated and replaced by ``default_namespace``. This field serves as the default namespace
```

>    deprecated. Add a new field, ``default_namespace``. This field serves as the default namespace

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       deprecated and replaced by ``default_namespace``. This field serves as the default namespace
```

   for deploying namespaced resources when the workspace associated with a workload is not bound to
   a specific namespace. The master configuration will accept either ``namespace`` or
   ``default_namespace`` fields; however, providing both fields will result in an error.

> -  CLI: Add a feature where Determined offers the users to delete a workspace namespace binding by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- CLI: Add a command to delete a workspace-namespace binding:
```

>    using the command ``det w bindings delete <workspace-id> --cluster-name <cluster-name>``. An

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:``det w bindings delete <workspace-id> --cluster-name <cluster-name>``. An
```

>    error will be thrown if the user tries to delete a default binding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
error will occur if attempting to delete a default binding.
```

> -  API: Add a feature where Determined offers the users to delete a workspace namespace binding by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- API: Add an endpoint to delete a workspace-namespace binding:
```

>    using the api endpoint ``api/v1/workspaces/1/namespace-bindings`` which takes in the workspace ID

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 ``api/v1/workspaces/1/namespace-bindings``. This endpoint takes the workspace ID
```

>    and string array of cluster names as parameters. An error will be thrown if the user tries to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and string array of cluster names as parameters. An error will occur if attempting to 
```

   delete a default binding.

> -  WebUI: View Pachyderm data lineage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WebUI: View :ref:`Pachyderm<pachyderm-integration>` data lineage.

-  Experiments with configured Pachyderm data integration now display a link to the Pachyderm repo
   in the trial view page. The link is also available when viewing checkpoints derived from the
   Pachyderm data.

-  Experiments: Obfuscate subfields of ``data.secrets`` in the :ref:`experiment configuration
   <experiment-config-data>`.

-  WebUI: In the Experimental features, Flat Runs View is now "on" by default in the :ref:`WebUI

>    <web-ui-if>`\. Users can still toggle this feature "off".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<web-ui-if>`. Users can still toggle this feature "off".
```

-  This update improves the ability to compare model performance between different trials, based on
   user feedback that most Determined users run single-trial experiments.

> -  "Experiments" is now renamed to "searches" and "trials" is now renamed to "runs" for better

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- "Experiments" are now called "searches", and "trials" are now called "runs" for better
```

   clarity.

> -  The "experiment list" is renamed the "run list", showing all trials from experiments in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The "experiment list" is now called the "run list", showing all trials from experiments in the
```

   project. It functions similarly to the previous new experiment list.

-  Multi-trial experiments can be viewed in the new searches view, which allows for sorting,
   filtering and navigating multi-trial experiments.

-  When viewing a multi-trial experiment, a list of trials is displayed, allowing for sorting,
   filtering and arbitrary comparison between trials.

> -  WebUI: Add resource allocation information to trial details page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- WebUI: Add resource allocation information to the trial details page.
```

-  CLI: Add a new command, ``det cmd describe COMMAND_ID`` to allow users to fetch the metadata of a
   single command.

-  WebUI: Allow users to continue a canceled or errored multi-trial experiment for searcher type
   ``random`` or ``grid``.

**Improvements**

> -  Switch default AWS instance type from ``m5.large`` to ``m6i.large``. This change does not affect

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Switch the default AWS instance type from ``m5.large`` to ``m6i.large``. This change enhances performance without affecting 
```

>    the cost, but improves performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the cost.
```

> -  WebUI: Redirect SSO users to the SSO provider's authentication URIs when their session token has expired,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- WebUI: In the enterprise edition, redirect SSO users to the SSO provider's authentication URIs when their session token has expired,
```

-  AgentRM: Support for Singularity, Podman, and Apptainer was deprecated in 0.33.0 and is now
   removed. Docker is the only container runtime supported by Agent resource manager (AgentRM). It
   is still possible to use podman with AgentRM by using the podman emulation layer. For detailed
   instructions, visit: `Emulating Docker CLI with Podman
   <https://podman-desktop.io/docs/migrating-from-docker/emulating-docker-cli-with-podman>`. You
   might need to also configure checkpoint_storage in experiment or master configurations: `Master
   Config Reference
   https://docs.determined.ai/latest/reference/deploy/master-config-reference.html#checkpoint-storage`

In the enterprise edition, Slurm resource manager still supports Singularity, Podman, or Apptainer
use. For detailed instructions, visit :ref:deploy-on-slurm-pbs.

Kubernetes Scheduling: Support for the priority scheduler for Kubernetes Resource Managers is
discontinued and may be removed in a future release due to limited usage. Users should transition to
the default scheduler. Visit :ref:`Kubernetes Default Scheduler <kubernetes-default-scheduler>` for
details.

> **Deprecation**

Reviewer 2: duplicate section title

Author: Will remove! Thanks for catching this! I'll make sure any other duplicates are also handled

Author: Cleaned up 😄
